Evanson telling you it's Amanda today
I'm gonna do the fast-food burger
challenge
going to every single burger joint in
the area and we're gonna get in there
classic burger
oh yeah I'm ready I grew up his vegan I
was also vegetarian for a long time this
year I started eating red meat just a
whole new world for me let's do it I'm
very stoked about the whopper I don't
know why yes oh this looks huge this is
like it's a very thick paper for the bat
it's sort of classic krabby patty I feel
like I'm getting the whole spongebob
experience I have a weird things I
rarely have red meat so this just tastes
weird in general the bread tastes super
rad it tastes like really really fresh
okay this whole thing's is bags of
flavor flavor flavor flavor boundaries a
normal burger just drop some of it
better this aroma burger I give this a 4
I don't really know what's like top of
the food chain yet this is a pretty good
like okay I would like to eat more of it
Big Mac oh okay this came in a box it's
not a bag to the box this is like okay
you have my attention
oh it's also the cheapest and then like
it looks so well packaged why is the
middle bun why though that's why the
middle bun oh this looks dry oh this
looks sad oh this looks completely sad I
don't even eat burgers and I'm judging
this just a lot to chew my breath I'm
gonna give it a 300 Carl's jr. C no it's
gonna star in the bags I mean it's gonna
get the most stars out of my rating
scale let's find out oh this is nice
packaging this looks this is the big
Carl look this is the only one that's
like pre wrap so it's ready for me to
eat I can just like get on the go get my
big Carl and go like work out the
calories I'm gonna gain from this look
at this patty this is a beast
if you're going out to get a good burger
I would say this is not Melissa should
be five this is what I set out to get
and this is what I got in and out has
got to pull out something great to beat
this this one has oh this is a
double-double from in and out they gave
me a little hat this is mad good Jesus
didn't die for our sins he died for us
to be able to keep burgers as good as in
and out can dish up I said this one was
five I'm breaking the scale here this is
a shake maybe even a 6.5 is a matter it
broke the scale like all the mercury
spilling out like it's just overdoing
stars it's like flipping comet
okay this is this is beautiful this is
just a beautiful thing I'm Lewbert
okay right we also got a bonus burger
it's like flattened oh this is weird
fast-food restaurant called Taco Bell
and gave me this burger after bit crunch
here like what Taco Bell
what are you doing your burgers are
crazy in conclusion in and out is far
superior to everything not just other
fast-food joints but just in life for
more videos like this guys please
subscribe your daily you can also check
me out on my personal channel manis
chronicles by oh can it see the taco